{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf102
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10640\viewh10400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
> \
> \
> \
> 
\f1\b Woodstock MusicWorks Announces the Release of...
\f0\b0 \
> \
> \
> Mechanical Bull - A Million Yesterdays\
> Release Date November 1st, 2007\
> \
>    <http://i130.photobucket.com/albums/p253/chronogram/IMG_9870.jpg>\
> \
> 
\f1\b Mechanical Bull
\f0\b0  goes national with a big new sound in this second release by locally loved country inspired band.\
\
> Mechanical Bull has been a local favorite and an underground cult hit overseas with it's rootsy/Americana sound and Chase Persons unique and trajicly humorous lyrics...     John Morris (a radio DJ in the UK ) said  "Out of the hundreds of albums being released onto the country music market it is not very often that one stands out as being totally different one such album is Mechanical Bull Chase Pierson is a genius ... you will not have hear anything so origional for a long, long time !" John Morris...Trust AM1278\
\
The entire first album was just licenced for use in an upcoming film out of Hollywood.  \
> \
> \
> Almost all of the songs reflect Chase's past. Growing up the son of a preacher, Chase moved from town to town every few years, whenever the good lord told his Dad to go. After leaving home he kept wandering around, from Boston where he was a crew chief on an ambulance, to Texas where he was a mechanic and a tow truck driver, to Kansas where he was an appliance delivery/repairman. Chase finally settled down in Woodstock, Ny where he gave married life a go and after 6 years he emerged with a great kid and tons of material for writing country songs.\
Chase then teamed up with guitarist/producer Adam Widoff and began recording some songs. Before long there was an album's worth of material and a full band. The band includes\
\
\
 
\f1\b Avalon Peacock
\f0\b0  on vocal and drums\
  
\f1\b Adam Widoff 
\f0\b0 on guitar/bass/drums Adam is a hearty woodsman and a multi-instrumentalist musician and producer who lives in Woodstock, NY. Widoff has recorded and performed with Lenny Kravitz, Toshi Reagon, David Torn, Kate Pierson and many others. When not playing music or drinking excessively he enjoys writing angry manifestos warning about the dangers of technology.\
 
\f1\b  Dave Malachowski
\f0\b0  on Guitar is legendary beyond the borders of Woodstock, playing with artists such as Shania Twain, Savoy Brown, Commander Cody and his lost planet airmen, Janie Jricke, Garth Hudson and the Crowmatix and many others.\
  Local guitar legend 
\f1\b Chris Zaloom
\f0\b0  on pedal steel, Dobro and Telecaster. \

\f1\b  George Quinn
\f0\b0  Plays bass, guitar, mandolin. George has played and recorded with many of the Bluegrass Greats. including John Herald, Vassar Clements,Bill Monroe, Jerry Douglas and many more. George was also a founding member of the Sing Sing Bluegrass Reform band. Just Ask his Parole officer.\
 
\f1\b Jason Bowman
\f0\b0  on drums and vocals is occasionally charming and handsome.\
 
\f1\b Chase Pierson
\f0\b0  on vocals and guitar\
  Chase's brother J
\f1\b osh Pierson
\f0\b0 , a virtuosic multi-instramentalist,  plays banjo and saxaphone \
 
\f1\b John Medeski
\f0\b0  may be best known as one-third of Medeski Martin & Wood, but his full body of work goes far beyond that ground-breaking trio, he plays the B3 organ on "lukewarm Coffee".\
\
A Million Yesterdays was produced by Adam Widoff and Chase Pierson and recorded at Stony Clove Lane Studio in Chichester NY.  The album was mixed and mastered by 
\f1\b Roman Klun
\f0\b0  (Sarah Mclauglan)  at Jersville studio in Woodstock NY.\
\
The band is currently gearing up for a national tour and PR campaign...\
\

\f1\b Mechanical Bull
\f0\b0  will be featured on WAMC's (FM90.3) "Performance Place" on tuesday Oct 30th at 11:20am\
\
 \
 A Million Yesterdays CD Release Party\
 Bearsville Theater\
 November 1st, 8pm, $10\
 w/ Special Guest Erin Sax Seymour\
 \
 \
 \
 \
    <http://i130.photobucket.com/albums/p253/chronogram/IMG_0150.jpg>> \
\
  \
 About Woodstock MusicWorks \'d0\
\
  Founded in 2007, Woodstock MusicWorks is an independently owned and operated record label based in Woodstock, NY. Our Mission is to harness the vast well of musical talent in the Woodstock area and promote our artists with a non-corporate grassroots approach to the music lovers of the world. Within the Woodstock community lives one of the richest histories in music, and we plan to carry that tradition on for generations by hosting a diverse catalog of artists from a variety of genres and styles that will stand the test of time. For more info visit WoodstockMusicWorks.com\
 \
 \
 }